# BMCoreUI

The *BMCoreUI* package contains various reusable types and functions that may be used either as building blocks forming the basis of UI elements or as helpers for various UI-related tasks.

On its own, as a Thingworx extension, CoreUI doesn't do anything, but it provides functionality required by other extensions such as collection view and code host. It also includes the Velocity.js library for animations and iScroll-probe.js for implementing custom scroll behaviors. Both of these libraries use an MIT license.

A full developer reference of the types and their properties is coming soon.

While the Thingworx extension includes everything, CoreUI is built as several modules:
* BMCoreUI
* BMCell
* BMCollectionViewLayout
* BMCollectionView
* BMCollectionViewDataSet
* BMCollectionViewDelegate
* BMCodeHostCore

## BMCoreUI

The *BMCoreUI* module contains several basic types and standalone utility functions. Some of these functions relate to property copying, shadow and ripple generation and number processing. It also contains several types, all of which support copying.

### BMInset

*BMInset* is a basic structure with four components: left, top, right and bottom. These components describe the insets that may be applied to a rectangle such as an element's bounding box.

### BMPoint

The *BMPoint* type describes a point in two dimensions. It has two components: x and y. Points also have various helper methods such as computing distances and slopes between two points.

### BMSize

*BMSize* describes a size in two dimensions. It has two components: width and height.

### BMRect

The *BMRect* type describes a rectangle. It is made up of two components: the origin point and the rect's size. Rects expose several methods to test for intersections between rects or between rects and points or to modify the rectangle through insets, outsets, offsets and displacements. Rects may also be interpolated as part of an animation.

### BMIndexPath

Index paths describe the sequence of indexes that have to be traversed through nested arrays to reach an object. Index paths are used primarily by collection views to allow grouping items in sections.

### BMKeyPath

Key paths are similar to index paths, except that they deal with object keys instead of array indexes.

### BMColor

Color objects make working with CSS color easier by parsing the various CSS color strings and handling the conversion between RGB and HSL, while exposing the color components as regular javascript properties. Colors may also be interpolated as part of an animation.



## BMCell

The *BMCell* module contains the type definitions for BMCellAttributes and BMCell, which are the building blocks of the collection view's contents.

### BMCellAttributes

Cell attribute objects describe the position and style of a collection view cell. They are generated by the collection view layout objects and applied to cells when they are rendered. Cell attributes may be interpolated as part of an animation using a *BMCollectionViewTransitionCellAttributes* object.

### BMCell

Cells are wrappers around HTML elements that represent an item in a collection view. They are generated by the collection view and manage the lifecycle of the associated HTML element.



## BMCollectionViewLayout

The * BMCollectionViewLayout* module contains the type definitions for the various collection view layout objects. The collection view requires a layout object that determines where each cell should appear and generates the appropriate cell attributes object for each cell.

### BMCollectionViewLayout

The collection view layout type is an abstract that all other layout objects inherit from. This type may not be used as it is, instead it must be extended by a custom type.

### BMCollectionViewTransitionLayout

The transition layout manages the interpolation between two layout objects as part of an animated layout change. Transition layouts are automatically created and destroyed by a collection view as needed.

### BMCollectionViewTableLayout

The type implementation for the table layout.

### BMCollectionViewFlowLayout

The type implementation for the flow layout.

### BMCollectionViewMasonryLayout

The type implementation for the masonry layout.



## BMCollectionView

The * BMCollectionView* module contains the type definition for collection view objects.



## BMCollectionViewDataSet

The * BMCollectionViewDataSet* module contains the prototype definition for collection view data set objects. This module is only included for documentation and is not part of the final CoreUI package.



## BMCollectionViewDelegate

The * BMCollectionViewDelegate* module contains the prototype definition for collection view delegate objects. This module is only included for documentation and is not part of the final CoreUI package.



## BMCodeHostCore

The * BMCodeHostCore* module contains various types developed primarily for use with the code host extension.

### BMWindow

This type implements a modal popup window that may display arbitrary content and manages its lifecycle.

### BMCodeEditor

This is an abstract type that defines the methods that a code host compatible code editor must implement. This type may not be used directly, but instead, one of the concrete subtypes must be used.

### BMCodeMirrorCodeEditor

This type implements the basic code mirror code editor and may be used by extensions in Thingworx without any other dependencies.

### BMMonacoCodeEditor

This type implements the more advanced monaco code editor. Using it in a Thingworx extension requires also having the monaco code editor extension.